# '21. 09. 27 NLP 10조 피어세션 정리'

### 오늘의 다뤄봐야 할 주제<br></br>

**KLUE dataset**<br><br>
NLI : 최수홍 <br>
The goal of natural language inference (NLI) is to train a model to infer the relationship between the hypothesis
sentence and the premise sentence. Given a premise, an NLI model determines if hypothesis is true (entailment), false
(contradiction), or undetermined (neutral). The task is also known as recognizing textual entailment (RTE)

NER : 김범찬 <br>
The goal of named entity recognition (NER) is to detect the boundaries of named entities in unstructured text and
classify the types. An entity can be series of words that refers to the person, location, organization, time expressions,
quantities, monetary values.

DP : 김민성 <br>
Dependency parsing (DP) is an NLP task that aims at finding relational information among words. It has been an
important component in many NLP systems, because of its ability to capture the syntactic feature of a sentence. We
include DP in KLUE to evaluate the representational power of language models in terms of syntactic features

RE : 심현덕 <br>
Relation extraction (RE) identifies semantic relations between entity pairs in a text. The relation is defined between an
entity pair consisting of subject entity (esubj) and object entity (eobj). For example, in a sentence ‘Kierkegaard was born
to an affluent family in Copenhagen’, the subject entity is ‘Kierkegaard’ and the object entity is ‘Copenhagen’. The
goal is then to pick an appropriate relationship between these two entities; ‘place_of_birth’

DST : 고지호 <br>
Building a human-computer conversation system has been increasingly attracting attention, and a task-oriented dialogue
system is one type of the dialogue systems 

MRC : 김정현 <br>
Machine reading comprehension (MRC) is a task designed to evaluate models’ abilities to read a given text passage and
then answer a question about the passage, that is, its ability of comprehension.

Question:

1. 
2. 

## 2. 이번 주에 도전할 내용<br></br>


## 그라운드 룰<br></br>


## 목표<br></br>


## 주간 회고<br></br>

- 심현덕: 
- 김범찬: 
- 고지호: 
- 김민성: 
- 김정현: 
- 최수홍: 

